Extend alarms/events specification (#3353)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/datahub/setting-up-datahub-bundle/setting-up-dremio-users.md

Having the corresponding permission assigned, the user can grant other Dremio users, which do not necessarily relate to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub, different permissions on the data lake source or the space, for example, for reading data from the data lake or creating a table in the data lake.

{{< c8y-admon-caution >}}

> Granting permissions to other users should be done very carefully in order to avoid that sensitive information is exposed to the wrong users. In particular, permissions should never be granted to all users as in that case all Dremio users of the Cumulocity instance can access the data lake source or space respectively. For that reason, the system regularly checks for each tenant whether its resources are accessible by all other tenants. If that is the case, the permissions are automatically restricted. Additionally an alarm is generated whose type is defined as *CDH_privilegeGrantedToPublicOn_* followed by the name of the asset being exposed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Granting permissions to other users should be done very carefully in order to avoid that sensitive information is exposed to the wrong users. In particular, permissions should never be granted to all users as in that case all Dremio users of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} instance can access the data lake source or space respectively. For that reason, the system regularly checks for each tenant whether its resources are accessible by all other tenants. If that is the case, the permissions are automatically restricted. Additionally, an alarm is generated whose type is defined as *CDH_privilegeGrantedToPublicOn_* followed by the name of the asset being exposed. 
```

Author: Done
